Compose the OCI way (#200)
margo/specification: system-design/specification/applications/application-registry.md

Retrieving the different files that compose an Application Package MUST be implemented according to the ["Pulling blobs" section of the OCI_spec](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/main/spec.md#pulling-blobs).

Also for this purpose available tools and libraries can be used for an implementation with low complexity.

## Compose Component Registry

> Compose components MUST be stored in an OCI-compliant Component Registry and referenced via `repository` (an `oci://` URI) and `revision` (an OCI tag matching SemVer 2.0) in the ApplicationDescription and Desired State manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compose components MUST be stored in an OCI-compliant Component Registry and referenced via `repository` (an `oci://` URI) and `revision` (an OCI tag matching SemVer 2.0) in the ApplicationDescription and ApplicationDeployment manifests.
```

Reviewer: @javatask this still probably needs changed

#### Security Constraints

- Symlinks MUST NOT target paths outside the top-level directory.
- Hard links MUST NOT reference paths outside the top-level directory.
- Absolute paths MUST NOT appear in the archive entries.
- File names MUST NOT contain path traversal sequences (`../`).
- Implementations SHOULD normalize file permissions during archive extraction. Implementations MUST NOT preserve setuid, setgid, or sticky bits from archive entries.
- WFM and device implementations MUST validate these constraints before extracting or deploying the archive.

#### Integrity Verification

When stored in an OCI-compliant Component Registry, the Compose Archive tarball is the content of a single layer blob. Integrity verification at the transport layer is provided by the OCI content-addressable digest as mandated by the [OCI Distribution Specification v1.1.0](https://github.com/opencontainers/distribution-spec/blob/v1.1.0/spec.md). Implementations MUST verify the OCI digest after pulling the blob and before extracting the archive.

### Publishing Workflow

> To publish a Compose Archive to an OCI-compliant Component Registry, use `oras push` ([ORAS — OCI Registry as Storage](https://oras.land/)). This is the RECOMMENDED publishing tool for Margo Compose Archives.

Reviewer: I think this needs to be worded a bit differently. The first sentence makes it sound like they have to use ORAS. Even though the second sentence indicates it is a recommended tool, I think we need to rephrase the first sentence to make it clearer that `oras push` is an example.

> **Warning**: `docker compose publish` (Docker Compose 2.34.0+) MUST NOT be used to publish Margo Compose components. It produces a structurally incompatible OCI artifact: `artifactType: application/vnd.docker.compose.project`, multiple layers (one per file), and SHA256-hashed file paths. This format cannot be consumed by a Margo-compliant WFM or device implementation.

Example:

```bash
oras push registry.example.com/org/myapp:1.0.0 \
  --artifact-type application/vnd.org.margo.component.compose+json \
  myapp-1.0.0-compose.tar.gz:application/vnd.org.margo.component.compose.tar+gzip \
  --annotation "org.margo.component.type=compose" \
  --annotation "org.margo.component.version=1.0.0" \
  --annotation "org.opencontainers.image.title=myapp" \
  --annotation "org.opencontainers.image.version=1.0.0" \
  --annotation "org.opencontainers.image.authors=ACME Corp (maintainer@example.com)" \
  --annotation "org.opencontainers.image.description=My application workload"
```

Reference the artifact in the ApplicationDescription:

```yaml
components:
  - name: myapp
    properties:
      repository: oci://registry.example.com/org/myapp
      revision: "1.0.0"
```

> ### WFM Reconciliation and `wait` Semantics for Compose

Reviewer: The text describes what the device does, not the WFM, so I don't think WFM is needed in the subheader.

```suggestion
### Reconciliation and `wait` Semantics for Compose
```
